doc: put release script specifics in details (#35260)
nodejs/node: doc/guides/releases.md

`tools/release.sh` will perform the following actions when run:

<details>

**a.** Select a GPG key from your private keys. It will use a command similar
to: `gpg --list-secret-keys` to list your keys. If you don't have any keys, it
will bail. If you have only one key, it will use that. If you have more than
one key it will ask you to select one from the list. Be sure to use the same
key that you signed your git tag with.

**b.** Log in to the server via SSH and check for releases that can be and,

> along with the list of artifacts. It will use the `dist-promotable` command on

Reviewer: ?

Author: ```suggestion
**b.** Log in to the server via SSH and check for releases that can be promoted,
```

I blame it on ghosts

`tools/release.sh` will perform the following actions when run:

<details>

**a.** Select a GPG key from your private keys. It will use a command similar
to: `gpg --list-secret-keys` to list your keys. If you don't have any keys, it
will bail. If you have only one key, it will use that. If you have more than
one key it will ask you to select one from the list. Be sure to use the same
key that you signed your git tag with.

**b.** Log in to the server via SSH and check for releases that can be promoted,

> along with the list of artifacts. It will use the `dist-promotable` command on

Author: ```suggestion
along with the list of artifacts. It will use the `dist-promotable` command on
```

`tools/release.sh` will perform the following actions when run:

<details>

> **a.** Select a GPG key from your private keys. It will use a command similar

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion 

**a.** Select a GPG key from your private keys. It will use a command similar
```

(Since otherwise this breaks formatting on Github)
